Add compiler directive to disable the default exception propagation (#5094)
cython/cython: docs/src/userguide/migrating_to_cy30.rst

explicit exception value (e.g., ``cdef int spam(int x) except -1``) is
also unchanged.

> .. note::
>   The legacy semantics of not propagating exceptions by default can be enabled by
>   setting ``legacy_implicit_noexcept`` :ref:`compiler directive<compiler-directives>`
>   to ``True``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
  The unsafe legacy behaviour of not propagating exceptions by default can be enabled by
  setting ``legacy_implicit_noexcept`` :ref:`compiler directive<compiler-directives>`
  to ``True``.
```
